Can you also check the grammar from this here, Chat?

Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
The three architecture models correctly classified the dogs as Huskies. There was a minor problem with my original code that caused "husky"
to be compared against "eskimo dog, husky" and return a false negative.However, after some refactoring, all models correctly identified the dogs.

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
  The same result as the first question was observed. There were no differences in the classifications.

3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
  The animal photo used for this test was a photo of my cat. Both VGG and Alexnet correctly identified the animal in the image as a cat 
  and even flattered her by labelling her as a Siamese (she looks like one, but she is a stray, but I still think it counts). 
  However, Resnet misclassified my cat as a hamster, which was pretty amusing but clearly incorrect.

  The object photo used was an image of an hourglass that I found on the internet. All three models correctly identified and labeled it.

4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
By far, based on this test alone, Alexnet would be the best choice. Not only it is the faster among the three models, taking only 1 second to execute,
but it is also as accurate as VGG, which made no mistakes (but took 10 seconds to process everything). On the other hand, while Resnet took only 5 seconds
to process everything, he misclassified the photo of my cat.

 But even though Alexnet should be the right choice, it didn't perform as well when dealing with the pack of 40 images in this project.
 Even though it's not the focus of this question, I decided to run the same testes against the standard pack, discovering that, in this scenario, 
 Resnet was the best middle ground between efficiency and accuracy.
 But if time is not of essence, VGG should be the right choice for being the most reliable of them all.